Refactor value generators in the simulator (#1060)
informalsystems/quint: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

- `quint repl` produces an evaluation trace on errors too (#1056)
- `S.setOfMaps(Int).oneOf()` is now supported (#1060)

### Changed

- `quint run` produces a friendlier message when it meets a `const` (#1050)

> - The behavior of `oneOf` has changed, update the seeds in `quint test` (#1060)

Reviewer: Perhaps be more explicit about this:

```suggestion
- Breaking: the behavior of `oneOf` has changed, existing seed values for `quint test` can exhibit different behavior than before (#1060)
```

Reviewer: And maybe move it up, to be the first item.
